In the last video,
we did this little pagination,
where you can click back and forth
but it doesn't actually affect the items.
So that's what we're going to be doing in here.
First thing we need to do is flip to our backend,
and open up our schema out of graph.ql,
and we need to be able to modify this item's query here
to take a couple of arguments 'cause right now,
all the items query does is it just returns you
a list of all of the items
and there is no way to tell you how many you want,
which ones you want...
What are the different arguments that you want to pass it,
so we're going to modify that here.
It's gonna take in a number of different arguments.
First one is going to be where,
in case we want to be able to do searching, which we will.
It's going to be item where input,
then we also want to have order by;
if you want to order them by most recent or least recent--
So item order by input;
we want to have a skip value,
which is going to be an integer,
and we want a first value
which is going to be an integer as well.
The first and the skip are going to say,
I want to skip the first four items,
but I want to bring back four items in total.
So that will give us five through eight.
I think that's all we need on the backend.
Flip over to our front end now,
and let's go up to our all items query
and actually modify that query.
So it's going to be taking in a couple different arguments.
First we want to take in a skip argument,
which is going to be an integer,
and we're going to default that to zero,
and then we also want to take in a first argument,
which is going to be an integer,
and we're going to default that to the per page variable
that we have imported from our settings.
So let's go ahead and import that right now.
Then when we actually run the items query,
we need to pass those values to it.
So first is the first,
the skip is the skip variable,
and we also want to pass the order by,
which is the created at descending
just so that we can get our most recent values
that are going to be coming in.
Now we'll go down to our actual query,
where we have the all items query,
and we'll pass some of those variables.
So it's a variables--
Variables that we are going to pass,
and let's just say skip two, and first four.
We'll obviously come back.
Now when I refresh this--
Oh, bit of an error here.
Let's debug that.
Export default imported as per page was not found...
Oh, I see what I did.
When I imported that per page variable, it's not a--
If I see if I look at the config,
you see that it's not a default export.
It's a named export so we need
to import it as a named import.
So, does that work now?
Awesome, so now we're getting four items actually in.
See, if I were to change this to skip zero,
we get four different items.
If I were to only ask for the first one,
you see we'll only get one item.
Then we could just manually change that skip value,
and you'll see that we get
a different item every single time.
So these are sort of the knobs
that we're going to be turning,
in order to actually figure out what we want to show.
So, how do we make these dynamic?
Well, the skip value is going to be
this.props.page times per page minus per page.
And what that will do is--
How many do we want to skip?
Well if it's on page one,
we want to skip four minus four,
meaning we want to skip zero.
If it's on page two,
two times four is eight, minus four is four!
And that's going to give you the--
You're going to skip the first four,
which would be for page one,
and it's going to show you the next four,
which is what we're going to put in here,
which is going to be our per page variable.
Now refresh, and looks like our items are coming in.
I believe we could actually omit this first right here,
because that is going to default--
There we go, yeah!
We don't necessarily need to, we can just leave it out
because it's going to fall back
to the four that is in here.
There's no need to pass it right there.
Now, do all of our pages work?
Looks like it's going!
Big fan of that.
See how nice and snappy that is once--
Go on maybe on the first page, refresh it manually.
Now click on the second page;
you see it's a slight little delay there while it loads,
but then after that it's all instant.
And when you're in production,
those are going to be pre-loaded,
so that when I hit the first page,
the next page is already going to be pre-loaded,
so that when I click it,
it's going to be that instant cut-over
that we've really been looking for.
Last thing I wanted to say is that,
if I were to add a new item now...
Let me do that.
So, if I were to choose something in here,
let's do the Canada goose.
Just say just added.
But if we go to the home page,
it's nowhere to be found.
And why is that?
Well, that's because the home page
was already fetched once before.
And now the fact that the home page is updated,
then that means page one is out of date.
Then that means page two is out of date,
and that means page three is out of date!
So, we get into this sort of,
existential crisis where I don't really know where to...
How to actually handle this pagination,
'cause we need something else called cache invalidation,
where we actually need to delete
the page one and page two
and page three pieces of the cache,
because now they're all out of date.
Now, if I were to add an item to the end,
then only pages one and two would be fine,
and page three would need to be invalidated
and switched out.
Or, if I were to delete an item, like right here.
If I were to delete this ultra boost,
then page one would be out of date,
and also page two would be out of date, and page three--
You get the point, right?
As soon as you delete one of them or add an item,
you're going to make a ripple effect
either in front of it or behind it,
where all of the other previously cached pages
are out of date.
So, one way to solve that is you can
make your query manually hit the network.
So that could look a little something like this,
where you could say the fetch policy
is equal to network only.
And you see now when I hit these items,
You see how it's taking a second every single time?
That's because it's never using the cache.
It's only ever fetching the network--
The network only fetch policy is one way
that we could solve that.
But that's not great because
then you lose all of the benefits
of actually using the cache,
where every single time that someone hits a page
that they've already been on,
we need to make a round trip to the server
and actually redownload all of that data, right?
Another way we can do it;
let me comment this out here,
is you can use something called re-fetch query,
so if we go to our sell page,
and we go to our create item component,
you remember that we have this mutation here.
There's a possibility here to pass it a re-fetch queries,
and the re-fetch queries allow us to pass
an array of queries that need to then
refresh themselves based on the server.
So we could pass it the query of our items.js
which is our query all items query.
The problem is that...
Which ones do we tell it?
You can't just tell it to refresh all of the items queries,
you have to pass it the skip and the first values,
and if that's the case then
how do you know how many pages there are,
and you would have to do
a whole bunch of calculations and that's--
You're potentially re-fetching hundreds of pages
if you have hundreds of pages loaded into the cache.
So, re-fetch queries is not really a good solution either.
Really, what the solution would be in this case,
is to delete all the items from the cache,
and there currently is no way to delete
partial items from the cache.
Or there's currently no way to set a time limit
on the cache items being in there.
Maybe like after two minutes,
re-fetch them from the thing.
I've talked to the developers at Apollo,
and they are well aware of
this conundrum that you can run into.
I wouldn't necessarily call it a bug, but it's a conundrum.
It's something that we don't really know how to best solve,
and because there is no way to delete part of the cache.
There is something that you can delete the entire cache,
but that's not a good solution
because if we have items in our cart,
or we're signed in, or there's orders that we viewed--
Those would all go as well.
So, there currently is no solution for it.
And, they are planning to introduce something
which would allow us to invalidate part of the cache
without having to blow the entire cache away.
So, just sit on your hands for now
because I will be updating it.
This is one of the things that kept me
from actually recording this course,
and there is no good way--
I'm not the only one with this problem,
and we will be running--
We will be figuring out how to solve it in the future.
Alright, so with that said, we are all in good shape.
We have all of our caches, and everything working.
Our pagination is working beautiful,
let's step into the next part of the course.